Add system catalog rw_depend (#1983)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: docs/sql/system-catalogs/rw_catalog.md

  rw_columns            | Contains information about columns of all relations (except sources) in the database, including their names, positions, data types, generation details, and more.|
 rw_connections        | Contains details about the connections available in the database, such as their IDs, names, owners, types, and more.|
 rw_databases          | Contains information about the databases available in the database, such as the IDs, names, and owners.|

>  rw_depend             |Records the dependency relationships between tables, mviews, sources, and sinks.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 rw_depend             | Records the dependency relationships between tables, indexes, views, materialized views, sources, and sinks.|
```

>  rw_depend             |Records the dependency relationships between tables, mviews, sources, and sinks.|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 rw_depend             | Contains information about the dependency relationships between tables, materialized views, sources, and sinks.|
```
